
# **32998 - .NET Applications Development Assignment 1: ** #

## Simple Bank Management System ##
 Created By: Stephen Melben Corral 

# **HOW TO RUN THE APPLICATION** #
1. Open Visual Studio and select the Simple Bank Management System solution to open the file.
2. Press and hold the **_ctrl_** and **_f5_** buttons from your keyboard.

# **HOW TO LOGIN THE APPLICATION** #
**Reminder: The user credentials are case sensitive**
1. At the login page, type **_guest_** for the username. If there's a duplicate username in the login file, it should display the message **Duplicate usernames are not allowed. Please consider updating your username.**.
It should allow the user to reenter the username after it diplays the error message above.
The user can update their username by going to the login.txt located inside the directory called Common.
2. Once the username has been entered, the user should now be able to input the password, to do so,  type __1234__
   If the credentials are incorrect, it should display **Invalid credentials!** in the console 
   and the user should be able to reenter the values.
2. When you entered the correct credentials, the user should be redirected to the **main menu**.

# **CREATING A NEW ACCOUNT** #
1. On the **main menu**, press 1 then input the user details. The phone number field requires the user to input 10 digits. If the user inputs invalid numbers(ie: string characters and numbers less than 10), it clears the phone field and the user should be able to reenter the phone number. **The same behavior applies in the email address field** where the email field is validated to see if it's in a correct format.
2. Once the file creation was successful, it sends an autogenerated email to the user.
3. The user can press any key to go back to the main menu.

# **SEARCH AN ACCOUNT** #
1. On the **main menu**, press 2 then press **enter**. The user should get redirected to the search account   page. **Please check the Notes section below for more details.**
3. If the account exists, it should display the account information in the console and prompt the user if they want to search for another account. Selecting **no** would redirect the user back to the **main menu**.

# **DEPOSIT TO AN ACCOUNT** #
**Reminder: The user would not be able to deposit $100,000 and above in one go.**
1. On the **main menu**, press 3 then press **enter**. The user should get redirected to the deposit account   page. **Please check the Notes section below for more details.**
2. If the account exists, it should display **Account Found! Please enter the amount.** in the console and prompt the user to input the amount of money to be deposited. Once the user successfully deposited the money, it should prompt the user if they want to search for another account. Selecting **no** would redirect the user back to the **main menu**. The user should not be able to input a value like this - (2+5*3) + 4 as a deposit value.


# **WITHDRAW TO AN ACCOUNT** #
**Reminder: The user would not be able to deposit $100,000 and above in one go.**
1. On the **main menu**, press 4 then press **enter**. The user should get redirected to the search account   page. **Please check the Notes section below for more details.**.
2. If the account exists, it should display **Account Found! Please enter the amount.** in the console and prompt the user to input the amount of money to be withdrawn. Once the user successfully withdrawn money, it should prompt the user if they want to search for another account. Selecting **no** would redirect the user back to the **main menu**.
 
# **STATEMENT OF ACCOUNT** #
1. On the **main menu**, press 5 then press **enter**. The user should get redirected to the search account   page. **Please check the Notes section below for more details.**.
2. If the account exists, it should display **Account Found! The statement is listed below.** in the console and prompt the user to choose(ie: y/n). If the user chooses **y**, the statement will be sent to their email. Selecting **no** would redirect the user back to the **main menu**.

 
 # **DELETE AN ACCOUNT** #
1. On the **main menu**, press 6 then press **enter**. The user should get redirected to the search account   page. **Please check the Notes section below for more details.**.
2. If the account exists, it should display **Account Found!** in the console, display the account information  and prompt the user to choose(ie: y/n) if they want to **delete the account**. If the user chooses **y**, the account will be deleted. Selecting **no** would redirect the user back to the **main menu**.


 # **EXIT** #
1. On the **main menu**, press 7 then press **enter**. The user should exit the application.
 


## ** NOTES: ** ##
To search for a specific account, type the account number then press enter(example: 100001).
If the account does not exists, it should display the message **Account not found!** along with the other 2 options to choose from(ie: 1. Try Again 2. Go Back to Main Menu). If the user selects 1, it should let the user to reenter the account number. The latter option should let the user go back to the main menu. If the user inputs account numbers that are less than 5 digits, it should clear the text field and allow the user to reenter the account numbers.